Few typos and small suggestions (#15)
r-lib/ragg: vignettes/ragg_performance.Rmd

### Polylines
Polylines are connected line segments. We should expect the same picture as for

> lines giventhat the operations are quite similar. We will also test different line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lines given that the operations are quite similar. We will also test different line
```
